howto/warning-memory-issues (#809)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/generate-pdf-from-an-office-document.md

For proper conversion, you must specify the character encoding that is used in the source document. On most Windows configurations, encoding **"windows-1252"** is used.  
UTF-8 is assumed if you do not specify the encoding (that is, if the field is left blank in the connector configuration wizard).   

> **Warning:** This connector requires memory for its dependencies, if you experience issues you can increase the memory in your Bonita Studio: Preferences-> Server settings -> 1024 (0r 2048)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** This connector requires much memory for its dependencies, if you experience issues you can increase the memory in your Bonita Studio: Preferences-> Server settings -> 1024 (or 2048)
```
